docs: ui.list_view selection_mode (#1070)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/list_view.md

my_list_view_table_source = ui_list_view_table_source()
```

## Selection

> The `selection_mode` prop can be used to configure how ui.list_view handles item selection. The options are `'MULTIPLE'` (the default value), `'SINGLE'` or `'NONE'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `selection_mode` prop can be used to configure how `ui.list_view` handles item selection. The options are `'MULTIPLE'` (the default value), `'SINGLE'`, or `'NONE'`.
```

Set `selection_mode='SINGLE'` to constrain selection to a single item.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_list_view():
    return ui.list_view(
        ui.item("Option 1"),
        ui.item("Option 2"),
        ui.item("Option 3"),
        selection_mode="SINGLE",
    )

my_list_view = ui_list_view()
```

Set `selection_mode=None` or `selection_mode='NONE'` to disable selection.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_list_view():
    return ui.list_view(
        ui.item("Option 1"),
        ui.item("Option 2"),
        ui.item("Option 3"),
        selection_mode=None,
    )

my_list_view = ui_list_view()
```

> `selection_mode` can be explicitly set to `MULTIPLE` for cases where it is dynamically defined. For example, a ui.radio can be used to allow changing the selection mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`selection_mode` can be explicitly set to `MULTIPLE` for cases where it is dynamically defined. For example, a `ui.radio` can be used to change the selection mode.
```
